Tigers taking a few
Dallas Texas
we'll offset to the right of Daniel on
first down running left is Tony bounces
it inside breaks the tackle 220 kiss to
the 15 left sideline to the 10 to the 5
puts the shoulder down into the end zone
touchdown Missouri on a terrific run by
Tony temple the senior from Rocklin high
school in Kansas City and Missouri
strikes first here in the 72nd Cotton
Bowl hey Mike he shook a couple of
tacklers but I tell you what there was
excellent blocking on that left side
there had to be with Adam Speaker
Madison and Tyler Llewellyn on that side
for Missouri from the Arkansas v Macklin
in motion to the right side Daniel hands
the temple running left his stiff arms
man at the three types across the
endzone touchdown Missouri his second
rushing touchdown of the half why not
give the ball to the senior from rockers
he's the man that brought you down field
John kettle a yeah he is and I tell you
what that left tackle Tyler to
Wellington really doing a nice job
staying with his man excellent job and
Adam speakers cutting off the middle
doing real real good the offensive line
this half has done a great gun with
trips to the right Franklin to the left
temple offset to the right of Daniel and
his third down and one ants to Tony
running left breaks a tackle at the
three skips into the end zone touchdown
Missouri his third rushing touchdown off
the ball game well he broke the tackle
at about the four yard line
right on in there broke the tackle of
Kevin woods Marcus Harrison's shaken up
on the play the left tackle for Arkansas
and Missouri Breaks on top 20 to nothing
with 1338 to play Tigers join blitz with
Weatherspoon and also Christopher
intercepted William Moore is going to go
to the house touchdown Missouri Willie
mo with the interception return for the
touchdown his eighth interception of the
season
hello out pattern here on the near
sideline he jumped the coverage and went
untouched into the end zone
he wasn't even close to the offensive
receiver he caught that ball like it was
a pass to him it was a terrific terrific
judgment on his play Arkansas started 2
of 2 on third down there now since then
one of the 11 for 3 of 13 third and long
here dick hit he's going to be sacked
whether saluting testing bridges there
to sack Casey dick good blitz man I want
to tell you what that was a great blitz
the lion was occupied by the four
defensive players first and ten from the
Arkansas 40 temple running left takes
the handoff cuts it back right to the 35
to the 30 spinning inside the 25 on his
feet the record perhaps to the 10 to the
5 to the house kiss both what sea
touchdown it's a Cotton Bowl record
now he pulled up a little at the end of
that run I hope you didn't aggravate it
too seriously because we pulled up and
I'll tell you what he won't feel too
much pain he's pumped up by his
teammates and his limping noticeably but
folks he's done now he's got the cotton
ball rushing record and another
touchdown
pour on the ground another Cotton Bowl
record as to the sidelines and he's
carried off Tony temple being carried
off the field by chase Daniel and also
one of the Mizzou offensive lineman nine
on the play clock 16 to go Patton slides
under Center takes the knee in Missouri
is the 2008 Cotton Bowl champion the
Tigers come to Dallas and hammer
Arkansas 38 to 7 is the final storm
on a record-setting day for Tony temple
for touchdowns and 281 yards rushing as
Missouri goes to 12 and 2 on the season
and they just you know I think rocker
ozo said you know coach five years ago
you know here we are five years later
you know with a Cotton Bowl victory will
be break someone a top ten in the nation
and that just kind of overwhelmed me I
mean you know at that time it was very
difficult and I think I've said
expressed that this week a lot so I'm
just so proud of all my seniors and what
they've done